In the last video, we ended up creating this interface,
countable, in our org.pkg.util package,
in our org.module.util module.
So let's now implement this interface
in a class in another module.
So to do that, we're gonna create yet another module.
(clicking)
We'll call this one org.module.base.
So org.module.base.
(clicking)
We're gonna create our module info file as per normal.
We're gonna make a change here,
we're gonna require the module
that has our interface that we just added.
So, I'm going to type requires.
(clicking)
Org.module.util.
We need to add the dependency that (mumbles)
is asking us to add, for its own internal purposes.
(clicking)
Okay, now (mumbles).
Now what we need to do,
we need to actually export the package
in org.module.util that has the interface.
We need to do that before we can access that.
So we're going to go back to our org.module.util,
module-info.java, and you can see there that's that file.
At the moment, we've got this requires transitive line, too,
which we need to keep.
So to export, we're gonna type exports,
and it's gonna be org.pkg.util
in the package we wanna export.
All right, so we've done that now,
next we need to create the class
that implements the interface.
We're goin' to go back to our org.module.base module here,
we're gonna create it in there.
(clicking)
And we'll call this one org.pkg.entity.BaseEntity.
All right, we'll paste some coding.
(clicking)
So this code implements the countable interface,
as you can see, and that interface, of course,
comes from our package, org.pkg.util,
but in the module org.module.util,
we don't have a lot there
because we've got to construct to there.
And we can see that we're also accessing a method
enfueled on the application constant's class
on the package org.pkg.appglobals,
in the module org.module.globals.
And the main method there, just creates objects
and prints out the count
from the application constants static fuels.
Now we have a look at our module info.java,
you can see for org.module.base (mumbles)
requires org.module.util.
All right, so no errors here.
So what we can do now, is execute this code,
so I'll go back to my base entity,
and I'll run this code, which (mumbles) compile it as well.
Everything's working, you can see module test
created five objects, we can scroll over.
I've combined line, and we can see
we're using the dash p, so we're running as a module
and scrolling all over we're gonna dash m for the module.
So everything's working, as module there, which is good.
All right, so let's pause here again
to use the (mumbles) dependencies.
Now this time we're gonna do something a bit different,
I'm gonna open a terminal session again.
And I'm gonna open it, instead of being at the root,
I'm gonna open it from the out production.
It's directly into the out production folder.
(clicking)
If I do a directory there, you can see
we've got a my first and second modules
from previous videos, but also the three org.modules,
base, global, and util, that we've been working on
in this video and the previous one.
So these are the exploded directories
for each of those modules.
So now that I'm in that folder,
I can type jdeps org.module.global.
(clicking)
We can see the output for that.
And we can also for our list (mumbles)
dash list dash deps org.module.global.
(clicking)
And you can see that's producing java.base.
All right, so let's now examine our second module.
So (mumbles) here,
that because we're actually in the right folder,
we're not having to specify the module path,
which is pretty handy, but let's now try
typing jdeps org.module.util.
So (mumbles) we've got an arrow here.
So if we scroll up and have a look at the arrow,
module org.module.global not found,
required by org.module.util.
So it's interesting to note that
if your module has dependencies
or module's not in java's standard edition, or the jdk,
that you have to specify module path,
even if the module path is in the current directory,
which it currently is.
So let's actually do that.
So let's type jdeps dash dash
module dash path.org.module.util.
Now gettin' that that we're using
dash dash module dash path for jdeps,
and not dash p, which is the same
as dash dash module dash path,
in the java, java c, and (mumbles) commands.
In jdeps, dash p, stands for package
and is not synonymous with dash dash module dash path,
so keep that in mind, because you may well see that
crop up in an exam question.
And that also, that we specify in the current directory here
with a period, with a dot.
All right, so press into there,
and we get the required output, as you can see.
And taking away the noise.
(clicking)
Using the list deps here.
Here, java.base.
All right, so finally now, let's explore our third module.
(clicking)
Org.module.util, org.module.base I should say.
All right, and there's our org.module.base.
You can see that's got more information
than the other two of our modules,
actually printed out, per file.
All right, so let's finish the video here,
in the next video, we'll start looking
at how to identify friend modules.
See you in the next video.